add support target all detail (#253)
nodejs/package-maintenance: docs/drafts/PACKAGE-SUPPORT.md

| `none`        |         |            |                 |     |            | Use at your own risk, no active support. May or may not work for a given Node.js version
| `all`         |   ✔     |     ✔      |        ✔        |  ✔  | ...,8,9,10,11,12 | The package is maintained for versions of Node.js including both LTS and non-LTS releases regardless of whether they are EOL or not. It may be necessary to accept semver-major level (ie. breaking) changes into that application in order to receive essential fixes. Documentation for the package will include the non-LTS releases for which the package is still maintained (some maintainers support as far back as 0.6)
| `lts`         |         |     ✔      |        ✔        |     | 8,10       | The package is maintained for the Node.js LTS releases (both in Active and Maintenence status). Anyone creating an application using an LTS version of Node.js and using the latest major version of LTS adopting packages will not have to accept semver-major level (ie. breaking) changes into that application in order to receive essential fixes. Full details are available [here](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/119)

> | `active`      |   ✔     |     ✔      |                 |     | 10,12      | All releases that are in active LTS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `active`      |   ✔     |     ✔      |                 |     | 10,12      | Current release and active LTS releases
```

> | `lts_active`  |         |     ✔      |                 |     | 10         | All releases both LTS and active. There may be more than one LTS release in active mainteance at a given point in time

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lts_active`  |         |     ✔      |                 |     | 10         | All releases in _active_ LTS status. There may be more than one LTS release in active maintenance at a given point in time
```

> | `lts_latest`  |         |     ✔      |                 |     | 10         | The package is maintained only for the Latest LTS Node.js version. You will be required to update to the latest LTS Node.js version in order to ensure you can use new versions/get security fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lts_latest`  |         | ✔ (latest) |                 |     | 10         | The package is maintained only for the Latest LTS Node.js version. You will be required to update to the latest LTS Node.js version in order to ensure you can use new versions/get security fixes
```

| Value         | example    | Description |
|---------------|------------|-------------|
| xxxxxx        |            | xxxxxx is a [semver range](https://semver.io/) of Node.js versions supported
| `abandoned`   |            | Not recommended for use. The package is deprecated or no longer maintained
| `none`        |            | Use at your own risk, no active support. May or may not work for a given Node.js version

> | `all`         | 8,10,11,12 | The package is maintained for versions of Node.js including both LTS and non-LTS releases and the last EOL version. It may be necessary to accept semver-major level (ie. breaking) changes into that application in order to receive essential fixes. Documentation for the package will include the non-LTS releases for which the package is still maintained

Reviewer 2: >  and the last EOL version. 

I don't think that is quite right.  It should more likely be something like.  `regardless of whether they are EOL or not`

Author: Ok, the example column confuses me. I thought that was relative the last one to be conservative as possible

| `lts`         | 8,10       | The package is maintained for the Node.js LTS releases (both in Active and Maintenence mode). Anyone creating an application using an LTS version of Node.js and using the latest major version of LTS adopting packages will not have to accept semver-major level (ie. breaking) changes into that application in order to receive essential fixes. Full details are available [here](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/119)

> | `active`      | 10,12      | All releases not in maintenance and EOL

Reviewer 3: I find this confusing, because `maintained` below lists 12,10,8. "Not in maintenance" would then suggest everything but 12,10,8.

Author: Maybe `All releases that are in status 'active'` is more strict?

Reviewer 2: maybe `All releases that are in active LTS` ?

> | `lts_active`  | 10         | All releases both LTS and active. There will be two versions for 6 months when a new LTS will be released

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I'd want to add that as it could change if the active/maintenance periods change and it could get out of sync.  Maybe. `Note that there may be more than one LTS release in active mainteance at a given point in time`

| `lts_latest`  | 10         | The package is maintained only for the Latest Node.js version. You will be required to update to the latest LTS Node.js version in order to ensure you can use new versions/get security fixes
| `maintained`  | 12,10,8    | Node.js versions which are not EOL
| `current`     | 12         | The latest release from "all"

> Based on the current active Node.js releases which are 8.x (Maintenance LTS), 10.x (Active LTS) and 12.x (Current).

Reviewer 2: Maybe `The example above are based on the state of Node.js releases at the time of writing which are....`

> | Value         | example    | Description |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Value         | Example    | Description |
```

|---------------|------------|-------------|
| xxxxxx        |            | xxxxxx is a [semver range](https://semver.io/) of Node.js versions supported
| `abandoned`   |            | Not recommended for use. The package is deprecated or no longer maintained
| `none`        |            | Use at your own risk, no active support. May or may not work for a given Node.js version
| `all`         | ...,8,9,10,11,12 | The package is maintained for versions of Node.js including both LTS and non-LTS releases regardless of whether they are EOL or not. It may be necessary to accept semver-major level (ie. breaking) changes into that application in order to receive essential fixes. Documentation for the package will include the non-LTS releases for which the package is still maintained (some maintainers support as far back as 0.10)

> | `lts`         | 8,10       | The package is maintained for the Node.js LTS releases (both in Active and Maintenence mode). Anyone creating an application using an LTS version of Node.js and using the latest major version of LTS adopting packages will not have to accept semver-major level (ie. breaking) changes into that application in order to receive essential fixes. Full details are available [here](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/119)

Reviewer: Can we change `mode` to `status` here please? That's the word used in https://nodejs.org/en/about/releases/

> | `active`      | 10,12      | All releases that are in active LTS

Reviewer: I think the previous definition was better. `active` includes LTS and Current. Alternatively this could be phrased as "All releases that are before their end-of-life (EOL)")

Reviewer: OK, so original wording came from renovate, and it basically includes the LTS versions that are in active mode and the Current release. Do we want to retain that description? If so - would it make sense to word it a bit more explicitly, e.g. (to follow the pattern for some other descriptions) "The package is maintained for releases in Active LTS and Current statuses, but excludes releases in Maintenance LTS status".

The way I understand the proposed changed right now is the same as `lts_active` (i.e. excludes current).

Reviewer: Would it make sense to add separate columns (`Current`, `Active LTS`, `Maintenance LTS`, `Post-EOL`) to this table with `y` for supported versions? (I'd exclude the `n` - should make it easier to scan).

Author: This would be the output:

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/11404065/66253688-516b9500-e76c-11e9-98a1-7c1f0daf0905.png)

I like it

Reviewer: 👍

| `lts_active`  | 10         | All releases both LTS and active. There may be more than one LTS release in active mainteance at a given point in time

> | `lts_latest`  | 10         | The package is maintained only for the Latest Node.js version. You will be required to update to the latest LTS Node.js version in order to ensure you can use new versions/get security fixes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `lts_latest`  | 10         | The package is maintained only for the Latest LTS Node.js version. You will be required to update to the latest LTS Node.js version in order to ensure you can use new versions/get security fixes
```

| xxxxxx        |            | xxxxxx is a [semver range](https://semver.io/) of Node.js versions supported
| `abandoned`   |            | Not recommended for use. The package is deprecated or no longer maintained
| `none`        |            | Use at your own risk, no active support. May or may not work for a given Node.js version

> | `all`         | ...,8,9,10,11,12 | The package is maintained for versions of Node.js including both LTS and non-LTS releases regardless of whether they are EOL or not. It may be necessary to accept semver-major level (ie. breaking) changes into that application in order to receive essential fixes. Documentation for the package will include the non-LTS releases for which the package is still maintained (some maintainers support as far back as 0.10)

Reviewer 4: i support back to 0.6 :-p

> | `lts`         | 8,10       | The package is maintained for the Node.js LTS releases (both in Active and Maintenence mode). Anyone creating an application using an LTS version of Node.js and using the latest major version of LTS adopting packages will not have to accept semver-major level (ie. breaking) changes into that application in order to receive essential fixes. Full details are available [here](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/119)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `lts`         | 8,10       | The package is maintained for the Node.js LTS releases (both in Active and Maintenence status). Anyone creating an application using an LTS version of Node.js and using the latest major version of LTS adopting packages will not have to accept semver-major level (ie. breaking) changes into that application in order to receive essential fixes. Full details are available [here](https://github.com/nodejs/package-maintenance/issues/119)
```
